README.md, before:

Automatic YASnippets for PHP in Emacs
=====================================

The php-auto-yasnippets package for [GNU Emacs][emacs] will
automatically create ‘snippets’ for [standard PHP functions][php].  It
defines these snippets using the [YASnippet package][yas].  For
example, if you type the PHP function

```php
implode
```

and press `C-c C-y` then php-auto-yasnippets will expand that into

```php
implode($glue, $pieces)
```

with the cursor ready to overwrite `$glue` with the string you want to
use.  And then pressing Tab will skip over to `$pieces` to do the
same.  This way you can be sure you not only have the correct number
of arguments, but also that you have them in the correct order.  PHP
comes with a large standard library and functions that sound similar
sometimes require arguments in contrasting orders.  This package will
help you avoid having to remember those corner cases.

If a function has any optional parameters then php-auto-yasnippets
will wrap them in square braces.  This is the same convention the PHP
manual uses to indicate optional parameters.  For example,
php-auto-yasnippets will expand `filter_input` into this:

```php
filter_input($type, $variable_name, [$filter], [$options])
```

If you do not need the optional parameters you can delete them by
pressing `C-d` when you Tab over to them.

You can use the prefix command to expand method names.  When you use
the prefix, u.g. `C-u C-c C-y`, the package will ask you for the name
of the class which implements that method.  This information is
necessary in order to generate the correct snippet.


Requirements
------------

* PHP 5.3 or later
* [YASnippet][yas]
* [php-mode][php-mode]


Installation
------------

To use php-auto-yasnippets you need to do three things.  First, place
the package in your load-path (`C-h v load-path` for help) and load it
from your Emacs configuration file by adding:

```lisp
(require 'php-auto-yasnippets)
```

Second, make sure the variable `php-auto-yasnippet-php-program` points
to the program `Create-PHP-YASnippet.php`.  That PHP program should
have come with this package; if you do not have it then you can get it
from the [project website][home].  You can use `setq` in your
configuration file to set the variable to the proper path, e.g:

```lisp
(require 'php-auto-yasnippets)
(setq php-auto-yasnippet-php-program "~/path/to/Create-PHP-YASnippet.php")
```

Finally, bind the function `yas/create-php-snippet` to a key of your
choice.  You *must* do this because php-auto-yasnippets defines no
key-bindings.  And since the package requires php-mode, and is most
useful when writing PHP code, you may want to use a key-binding that
only works when using php-mode.  For example:

```lisp
(define-key php-mode-map (kbd "C-c C-y") 'yas/create-php-snippet)
```

Now if you type the name of a PHP function and press `C-c C-y` it will
expand into a snippet containing all of the parameters, their names,
any default values, et cetera.


Contributors
------------

* [Glynn Forrest](http://glynnforrest.com)
* [Yasuyuki Oka](http://yasuyk.github.io/)


Miscellaneous
-------------

This package uses [Semantic Versioning][semver].

See the [ChangeLog](./ChangeLog.md) for information about the changes
in each version.


License
-------

[GNU General Public License][gpl]

Copyright 2013 Eric James Michael Ritz



[emacs]: http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/
[php]: http://php.net/
[yas]: https://github.com/capitaomorte/yasnippet
[php-mode]: https://github.com/ejmr/php-mode
[gpl]: http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html
[home]: https://github.com/ejmr/php-auto-yasnippets
[semver]: http://semver.org/

Commit message:

Update documentation regarding ‘php-auto-yasnippet-php-program’
Commit bd4b7b34 introduces a better default value for that variable.
That patch alleviates the need for users to manually set its value in
most situations.  This patch updates the documentation in the README
and in the Elisp code to reflect the benefit of the new default value
for the ‘php-auto-yasnippet-php-program’ variable.

README.md, after:

Automatic YASnippets for PHP in Emacs
=====================================

The php-auto-yasnippets package for [GNU Emacs][emacs] will
automatically create ‘snippets’ for [standard PHP functions][php].  It
defines these snippets using the [YASnippet package][yas].  For
example, if you type the PHP function

```php
implode
```

and press `C-c C-y` then php-auto-yasnippets will expand that into

```php
implode($glue, $pieces)
```

with the cursor ready to overwrite `$glue` with the string you want to
use.  And then pressing Tab will skip over to `$pieces` to do the
same.  This way you can be sure you not only have the correct number
of arguments, but also that you have them in the correct order.  PHP
comes with a large standard library and functions that sound similar
sometimes require arguments in contrasting orders.  This package will
help you avoid having to remember those corner cases.

If a function has any optional parameters then php-auto-yasnippets
will wrap them in square braces.  This is the same convention the PHP
manual uses to indicate optional parameters.  For example,
php-auto-yasnippets will expand `filter_input` into this:

```php
filter_input($type, $variable_name, [$filter], [$options])
```

If you do not need the optional parameters you can delete them by
pressing `C-d` when you Tab over to them.

You can use the prefix command to expand method names.  When you use
the prefix, u.g. `C-u C-c C-y`, the package will ask you for the name
of the class which implements that method.  This information is
necessary in order to generate the correct snippet.


Requirements
------------

* PHP 5.3 or later
* [YASnippet][yas]
* [php-mode][php-mode]


Installation
------------

To use php-auto-yasnippets you need to do three things.  First, place
the package in your load-path (`C-h v load-path` for help) and load it
from your Emacs configuration file by adding:

```lisp
(require 'php-auto-yasnippets)
```

Second, make sure the variable `php-auto-yasnippet-php-program` points
to the program `Create-PHP-YASnippet.php`.  That PHP program should
have come with this package; if you do not have it then you can get it
from the [project website][home].  By default php-auto-yasnippets will
search for the PHP program in the same directory as the Elisp code,
i.e. the `php-auto-yasnippets.el`.  If you want to put the PHP program
in another place then use `setq` in your configuration file to set the
variable to the proper path, e.g:

```lisp
(require 'php-auto-yasnippets)
(setq php-auto-yasnippet-php-program "~/path/to/Create-PHP-YASnippet.php")
```

Finally, bind the function `yas/create-php-snippet` to a key of your
choice.  You *must* do this because php-auto-yasnippets defines no
key-bindings.  And since the package requires php-mode, and is most
useful when writing PHP code, you may want to use a key-binding that
only works when using php-mode.  For example:

```lisp
(define-key php-mode-map (kbd "C-c C-y") 'yas/create-php-snippet)
```

Now if you type the name of a PHP function and press `C-c C-y` it will
expand into a snippet containing all of the parameters, their names,
any default values, et cetera.


Contributors
------------

* [Glynn Forrest](http://glynnforrest.com)
* [Yasuyuki Oka](http://yasuyk.github.io/)


Miscellaneous
-------------

This package uses [Semantic Versioning][semver].

See the [ChangeLog](./ChangeLog.md) for information about the changes
in each version.


License
-------

[GNU General Public License][gpl]

Copyright 2013 Eric James Michael Ritz



[emacs]: http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/
[php]: http://php.net/
[yas]: https://github.com/capitaomorte/yasnippet
[php-mode]: https://github.com/ejmr/php-mode
[gpl]: http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html
[home]: https://github.com/ejmr/php-auto-yasnippets
[semver]: http://semver.org/
